Currently, load lesting comes to the most important part of software development process because it helps capture non-functional defects and helps development team be aware about software performance in comparing with other competitors in the market. Nowsday, we have several freeware load testing tools but they aren’t fully functional as testers would, For example there is no automated test execution and test reports and test results are difficult to understand. Thus we can improve these areas to have better way to do load testing.
> Therefore this plug-ins was developed to solve limitation in existing load testing tool especially Apache JMeter, and to be Open Source software for anyone who interest can use it and continue to enhance it without any expenses. This system is divided into four sub modules, The first module retrieves test result from a system under test. The second module processes test results and draw charts and report generating modules. The third module can auto can automatically, stop test execution given that the system under test satisfies specific donditions. Finally the fourth module generates report automatically. The four modulses works together to bring automation to load testing
> As a result of the completely developed system, companies that use this plug-in can save time and effort compare with manual testing very much, Test result are also easier to understand are gain more accurate. Furthermore, this plug-in can help to reduce high cost of using commercial load testing tools.